Back to the Ocean Studio here as part
of the Yada Yahowah blog.
Beautiful day overlooking the Caribbean
Sea.
We’re proceeding with what I call the
Sixth on the Eighth.
This is a series that is devoted to Dowd,
through the voice of Dowd,
who is David, the Son of God, the Messiah,
our Savior, the returning King.
He’s the one who was counterfeited to
create the illusion of Jesus.
He wrote a series of MizMowr,
which we call Psalms,
and one of them is the sixth.
And in the opening lines of the sixth,
we have already discovered that,
first of all,
this was written for the eighth
octave.
And the eighth octave is what we
experience once God’s objectives with man
are finally met.
And to share that with you,
it’s by recap.
It has been just eight
years shy now of six thousand years since
we were escorted out of Gan ‘Eden for
what I would call bad behavior.
We showed no initiative in the Garden.
Man didn’t.
Us, represented by Adam and Chawah.
We showed no initiative.
Didn’t make any contribution of any kind.
Unwilling to work with God.
And that was a primary purpose.
We were inobservant,
unaware of what was happening around us
and showed no indication that we wanted to
be explorers and to learn about life and
the very fabric of existence,
which is something that God wanted to
share with us.
We were not good listeners.
We were not responding to God.
And worst of all,
we showed that we couldn’t be trusted.
All of those things did not bode well
for the
conditions that were in the Garden, and God
said, “Well, we’re going to draw this to
a close.” It was God Himself who caused
that time to end, and it was also
so that we would have a chance over six
thousand years to get our act together, to
start listening to God, to start paying
attention to what is actually happening
around us, to be more observant—for example,
to observe the fact that planet Earth
is really
a larger version of the microcosm that
God created in ‘Eden. It was a protective
and sheltered enclosure that was conducive
to life, and that is what our planet
is. And this massive universe with two
trillion galaxies, each averaging hundreds
of billions of stars and those with
countless planets and moons—Earth
appears to be the only place that is
actually finely tuned and protected
for life—protected in the sense that it
is our molten core of this planet that
creates the protection with our magnetic field from
cosmic rays and our atmosphere,
particularly as it’s filled with water
vapor, that also is a protective
environment that made life on this planet
possible. Perfect size planet, perfect size
moon, perfectly positioned moon and planet
together, perfect distance from the
perfect kind of sun—all of which
were necessary to create life along with
our molten core,
along with the tectonic plates,
along with the tides that the moon
provides,
along with the angle on our axis,
along with the size of our circular orbit
around the sun—all of it
is conducive to life, and without life
can’t thrive, and with it life is prolific.
And so our planet is exactly what God
was trying to convey to us through the
story of ‘Eden.
And while ‘Eden was a bit like a
man in a fishbowl, if you will,
where we just never showed any interest in
what was happening in that bowl or around
us, didn’t much care for the One who was
providing the nutrients in that bowl, we
have now been released to the entire
planet—man with a neshamah, with a
conscience, who’s capable of figuring these
things out. And here we are now six
thousand years later, eight years shy of
that, in year 2025
becoming 2026. This all comes
to a conclusion in 2033.
Here we are now with this opportunity for
the first time to see the Earth as
‘Eden,
to understand that we failed the test that
God had for us in ‘Eden because we
were inobservant.
We were not listening.
We were inactive.
We weren’t willing to engage and work with
God to make
life better here. And until we can show
that we are willing to do those things
and are reliable, dependable, God can’t take
us off this planet and show us the
rest of the universe that He’s created,
take us beyond three dimensions into four,
five, six, and ultimately seven dimensions,
each with an infinite increase in
possibilities and opportunities. All of
that requires us to be really good
listeners and to demonstrate that we’re
trustworthy
and that we’re interested in exploring.
We’re observant individuals,
desirous of all of this.
And that is why we’re exploring God’s
words.
Now,
as it relates to the sixth MizMowr in
the eighth octave,
I’ve said it’s been six thousand years,
eight years shy of that now.
And we are
returned to the Garden from year six
thousand to year seven thousand.
And it’s during that time that there’s a
number of us, eight in particular,
plus Dowd and myself,
that are responsible for helping mankind
resolve the failures of ‘Eden and become
worthy to earn God’s trust and become
interesting to Yahowah.
That’s a thousand-year period.
Takes us to year seven thousand, and
between seven thousand and on into the
eighth octave.
Those who pass that test,
who show that they can be trusted,
who are interesting, who listen to God,
who are responsive to Him,
who, when knocked down, know how to get
back up,
who are engaged and want to make a
contribution—those people are going to be
involved,
allowed off of this planet and into
dimensions, including time,
such that we can go off and explore
this universe with Yahowah.
And so that’s why this is in the
eighth dimension.
And this MizMowr opened with a profound
note where Dowd said everything that I
have been saying about him
is that Yahowah
proved His case that we as people can
pass muster with God.
We can be interesting to God.
We can have intelligent conversation with
God.
We can be responsive to God.
We can engage and make tremendous
contributions to life with Yahowah.
If we act like Dowd.
If we try to emulate his attitude,
his attributes,
and focus on what made him so special,
why God chose him above all others,
why God fulfilled Pesach, Matsah,
and Bikuwrym through this man,
opening the doorway to life for us,
so that we can cross that threshold
and enter His family and live with Him
forevermore.
All of this is because Dowd is the
exemplar of what God’s trying to achieve
with us, and he is the one who
was responsible for reconciling our
relationship with Yahowah so we can
return and be family again. And so all
of that is proven
through the narrative of the sixth MizMowr
when you understand it.
And that’s why we have been focusing on
it.
We’re about now to start the third
statement in that profound psalm.
And this is what Dowd wrote.
In addition, my soul, my nepesh aniy,
my consciousness,
that part of me that animates life and
enables me to observe my environment and
to respond, my inner person,
my personality, my attitude and aptitude,
along with all of my achievements.
This is the part that accompanies me into
all eternity.
My nepesh is enormously eager and anxious
about the terrifying agony, the ma’od
ba’al,
which is, I’m in a tremendous hurry,
wanting to hasten the day that this
alarming anguish is over.
So You, Yahowah,
will be the restoring witness.
You, Yahowah,
will position the time of the eternal
testimony to be delivered to show these
overlapping dates and extend this period
of witness.
Yahowah, You and I both want to return.
You have decided, and I concur,
that Your desire is to restore.
This was written as the Piel Imperative,
Paragoga K, Cohortative.
Wow, it’s Dowd’s will, Yahowah’s will,
all passionately blended together
and emphatically told and emphatically
stated.
It is my desire and Your decision to
deliver salvation with my soul.
Chalats nepesh ‘any.
You have chosen to support my choice to
have You do what is required to rescue
and withdraw my consciousness and
therefore to save by what we accomplished
together in the Piel, Imperative,
Cohortative, Paragoga K.
Piel means that Yahowah is the One who,
as the subject of that sentence,
is causing the object,
which is Dowd’s soul,
to be able to do these things.
And the Imperative means that this is a
statement of second-person volition,
which means it is the person being spoken
of—You, me,
and Yahowah’s will to accomplish this.
The Cohortative means that the speaker in
first person agrees.
The Paragoga K says emphatically,
this is what we want.
It’s an expression of volition in first
and second person whereby Yah and Dowd
agree to save through his soul.
He goes on to say,
You want to deliver me, liberating me,
rescuing and saving through me.
Yasha’ is the primary verb in the Hebrew
language, although there are many.
It is the principal verb in the Hebrew
language to convey delivering salvation,
to be victorious,
to provide for the common good through me.
Yasha’ ‘any because of the witness that this
provides to Your enduring love, Your
unfailing kindness, Your tremendous
generosity
and loyal devotion.
Chesed ‘atah, MizMowr,
lyrics to sing, Psalm 6:4.
Wow.
We have really hit pay dirt here.
This is,
I cannot underestimate—or overestimate,
I should say—
I cannot overestimate how profoundly
important all of this is for us to
appreciate.
It is complete and total validation of the
greatest discovery ever made.
This
realization that we are at a place where
the seven spirits of Yahowah that have been
afforded to the Chowter,
acting as a stem of that tree of
knowledge,
is now bearing fruit to the fact that
Dowd is the One through whom Yahowah
worked to prove
that man can be interesting,
that man can be trustworthy,
and that it is possible to work through
men of the right attitude and ambition to
achieve greatness.
And that it is Dowd who is the
Messiah and Son of God,
the Chosen One and former King who is
returning.
After, in his second of three lives,
he fulfilled Pesach, Matsah, and Bikuwrym,
delivering our salvation.
It is his fulfillment of Pesach as the
Lamb,
where his basar body was sacrificed for
us to have life,
which is why he is the ‘Ets Chayim in the Garden.
And he then fulfilled Matsah,
which is how we are perfected so that
our souls are no longer stained with
religious or political guilt and that we
now are able to cross that threshold and
join Dowd
as firstborn children of God on Bikuwrym.
So Yahowah achieved that with Dowd,
through Dowd,
in his second of three lives.
And it’s the single greatest discovery
pursuant to God in human history.
And I’m sharing it with you.
It’s astonishing to me that we could find
something this glorious.
This is so much more powerful and
impactful today
than anything you have ever heard before.
It demonstrates for Yisra’el that they were
right in saying that Jesus could not have
been a Messiah.
Jesus never even existed.
All Jesus is is a crappy counterfeit of
Dowd as the actual Messiah and Son of
God and Savior who fulfilled Pesach by
being crucified,
blended with a heavy dose of the pagan
religious lore of the day,
particularly Dionysus—
a god that is born of a virgin
and then dies annually and is resurrected.
It is complete and utter repudiation of
Christianity—the religion that has so
punished God’s people, demonized them,
dehumanized them, tyrannized them,
subjugated them—while it exonerates and
brings to the forefront
the actual Messiah and Son of God,
who is a Yahuwd,
the most Yahuwd of all Yisra’elites,
Dowd | David,
and that it’s Dowd who is returning.
And thereby it also breaks the shackles of
Judaism and all of those laws and all
of the stupidity of that religion that is
so isolating and depressing Jews for all of
these years.
It is shattered with the realization that
Dowd | David fulfilled Pesach, Matsah,
and Bikuwrym.
That he is our Savior and that Yahowah
worked through him to accomplish these
things so that we might live forever in
God’s company.
It, of course, completely dismantles all of the
lies of Islam as well, as Islam completely
miscast the Jesus figure and is shown to
be a lie based upon that, and it
also misrepresents Dowd as well. And so
it is this emancipation for Yisra’el and
this realization. And the very fact that
I now have
thirty-five books that proclaim this,
all free at YadaYah.com.
The fact that we have many hundreds of
Yahowah blog programs boldly proclaiming
this and that they’re all over social
media—I think there’s four YouTube accounts,
three Facebook accounts, TikTok,
Instagram, Patreon, you name it.
It’s everywhere that you could possibly
want to be.
Even in the cesspool of X, we’re there
proclaiming this news.
And yet we find God’s people yawning.
Reintroducing God’s name,
the proper pronunciation of it is Yahowah.
Don’t seem to care.
Reintroducing the actual Messiah so you
know who is returning.
Even giving you the exact minute on the
precise day in the right year—
6:22 p.m.
as the sun sets in Jerusalem,
six thousand Yah,
2033 on Yowm Kipurym is when
the Messiah returns as King with Yahowah.
And everyone who has capitalized on what
he achieved through Pesach, Matsah,
and Bikuwrym prior to that time
and has accepted the five conditions of
the Covenant, which began by telling you,
you can’t be religious
if you’re going to engage in a
relationship with God and that,
you need to walk away from Babel,
this integration of religion and politics,
the culture that has created Western
society and Jewish culture as well.
You need to disassociate from those
things, even from the Bible,
if you’re going to have a relationship
with God. And Bible is from Babel.
Then they were specifically walking away
from Babylon.
Abraham and Sarah were.
So this is the message that you have
to walk away from the human entanglements
of religion and politics.
And then walk to Yahowah along the path
that He has provided so that your soul
can be perfected.
That occurs when you recognize what Father
and Son have done
through the fulfillment of Pesach,
opening the door to life.
But
Dowd took our guilt, our religious and
political stigma and stain and stench, and
he carried it all into She’owl to be
deposited there, never to be seen again, so
that we appear not guilty before our God.
We don’t even need to be saved at
that point, but it is that this whole
process of being delivered from our guilt
so that we become not guilty and then
we have this opportunity to join Dowd as
literal sons and daughters of God on
Bikuwrym.
And those who capitalize on this will be
brought into the seventh dimension by
Yahowah on Shabuw’ah.
It’ll be fulfilled in two stages,
both on the twenty-second of ‘Abib / May of
2026,
less than six months from now,
and then again on the eleventh of ‘Abib / June
in 2027.
All in anticipation of the final
fulfillment of the
three Fall Miqra’ey,
which fall under the heading of Chag
Sukah, beginning with Taruw’ah,
on the first of Tishri / twenty-third and twenty-fourth of
September of 2033.
It will be the greatest show on Earth.
So many things that will happen on that
day to prepare this mortal remnant of
Yisra’el for them to witness the great
homecoming of Dowd and Yahowah on Yowm
Kipurym on the tenth of Tishri / October second of
2033,
so that
we can return to the Garden.
That is our eighth octave as we move
through seven and into eight and are
finally released from this planet, trusted
by Yahowah.
So that’s what this is affirming.
It is the single most important story that
the world needs to hear.
You either capitalize on this story now
and make one of the next
two harvests—Shabuw’ah or Taruw’ah—
or
you at least back far enough away from
religion and politics that your soul is at
least salvageable.
And then you can be purged of that
religious guilt by the sacrifice of the
‘Adamah Parah on Taruw’ah.
But that’s your only way off this planet
alive.
And the next eight years are going to
be hellish.
The person that Christians have been
anticipating as the Antichrist is here—he is
Donald Trump.
He is the incarnation of Satan.
And the Time of Yisra’el’s Troubles begins
the twenty-second of ‘Abib / May of 2026.
We’re up against it.
Going to get very rough.
Many are going to die.
Man is going to be brutal.
We’re going to all but destroy this
planet.
And contrasted with this,
Dowd is proclaiming the truth,
the most profound truth that has ever been
shared and a truth that has been hidden
from the world
for between twenty-five hundred and three
thousand years,
depending on whether or not you think that
the last three prophets correctly
portrayed this or if they just hinted at
it.
But here’s the reality: in the second of
three lives,
Yahowah worked through His beloved Son,
our Messiah and King, Dowd.
And this is what happened.
In addition, my soul.
It says, my nepesh.
Why does it say my nepesh?
Because the nepesh is how God made this
happen.
This fixation in religion on the body is
just so utterly counterproductive.
Jews get all
tied up in knots over this with their
little curly cues on the side of their
head and how they dress their body in
their religious garb and how they restrict
what they eat through their absurd kosher
laws as if the body mattered to God.
It doesn’t matter.
It’s the soul that matters.
Your body is a liability going forward.
It has to be protected.
Goodbye for your soul to be enveloped in
light energy and to accomplish anything
that matters and to live on.
And in Christianity,
they’re so stupid as they picked up the
pagan notion of a bodily resurrection
being somehow the salvation matrix.
It’s absolutely absurd.
It’s going in the wrong direction beyond
the fact that
God is not a man and men cannot
kill God.
Bodily resurrection is a pagan concept
with no basis in reality or science.
And from a position of God,
it is entirely counterproductive.
It’s our souls that matter,
not our bodies.
There’s this baptism thing in Christianity
where you sprinkle water on a body.
It’s just stupid.
Stop it already. It’s not about the body;
it’s about the soul. If you can’t get
through that through your head, you are
never going to understand anything God is
saying. It was Dowd’s nepesh that, after
his physical body passed and his first of
three lives—nearly three thousand years
ago—in fact, four years shy of three
thousand years ago, he was seventy years
old at the time—he had achieved more
than any human in history prior
to that time, probably even since—
Dowd’s soul was put into another basar.
So basar is a body.
Dowd’s nepesh soul, which is eternal,
and had spent a thousand years with
Yahowah, was put into a basar body,
probably one that God created out of the
DNA from Dowd’s previous life so he’d feel
comfortable in it because it would look
like he looked like, you know,
it would just be the easiest way for
God to replicate a body that Dowd’s soul
could go into.
That body was designed to be dispensable.
It would serve as the Pesach ‘Ayil.
But Dowd’s soul was not killed.
It was the body that was taken,
what he fulfilled.
Pesach by being crucified by the Romans.
He wrote all about it in first person
in the twenty-second MizMowr and then again
in the eighty-eighth MizMowr.
And then he did the most amazing thing
after suffering crucifixion.
And again, through Dany’el,
he told us exactly the day that he
would do so.
He then took our guilt upon his nepesh
soul and carried it into She’owl so that
we could be perfected,
so that our guilt would be removed because
the guilt, when transferred into She’owl,
can never be seen again,
never be held against us.
We appear not guilty before God because
there is nothing that contaminates our
souls.
So then Dowd’s soul, enveloped in Yahowah’s
Ruwach,
left She’owl and went back to Shamaym to
be with his Father.
And it is Dowd’s nepesh soul that is
going to be put into a rather remarkable
basar body upon his return just eight
years from now on Yowm Kipurym,
the great homecoming.
And it’s going to be a glorious sight.
But it’s his soul.
And it’s your soul that you should care
about.
This begins by saying that his soul is
both eager and anxious, as it should be,
as you would expect it to be,
about the terrifying agony.
Imagine that Dowd is one of two people
that figured out,
based upon Yahowah’s testimony,
that his body at one point would serve
as the sacrifice and that his soul would
redeem his people.
And that he knew, having read the Towrah,
that it was appropriate for him to
volunteer to serve as the Pesach ‘Ayil.
And that for him to volunteer to carry
our guilt into She’owl,
to have it burden his soul,
so he would actually have his soul be
incarcerated in She’owl during Matsah.
And yes,
he was enormously eager to do this because
he knew of all of the good it
would do.
Please his Father, it would cause his
people to respect him at long last, and
it would cause everyone who is ultimately
part of the Covenant Family to receive the
benefits of the Covenant based upon what
Dowd would achieve. But he was also anxious
because crucifixion and the torment that
Dowd received based upon the beast of Rome
prior to it and then the journey into
She’owl was terrifying.
He wrote about it, so it was going
to be horribly anguishing, and he told
us all about it. And he had to
write about it. That’s why the
twenty-second and the eighty-eighth MizMowr
exist. And so he knew he was
at that point a thousand years away from
fulfilling it. He was anguished. He had seen
it as a prophet. He knew what he
was going to do and he knew what
was going to happen, but he said, “Yep,
I’m in it. I’m committed. I’m going to
do it.”
I said he was one of two.
We did a family show where one of
my long-term favorite people,
good friend for well over a score of
years, asked me,
“How does it feel knowing that you’re going
to be the other?”
And it is.
The story that Yahowah has written for the
role that I have been asked to play
is that I am the ‘Adamah Parah.
I’m the one who will be sacrificed on
Taruw’ah, and it’s going to be gruesome.
Prophets have spoken of it, and it’s a
mauling, and I’m mauled by the same beast.
Donald Trump and Satan are trying to
establish the fourth Reich,
the fourth rise of all things Rome.
It’s why he makes the declaration on the
Ides of March,
which is so politically and religiously
symbolic in Rome, that he is God.
And three years after that,
we’re going to have our rendezvous, and I’m
going to have the mal’ak that have
protected me stand down. The Ruwach that
have been so essential to what I have
learned and can share will step aside for
the moment, and my physical body will be
bludgeoned. Now my soul will survive it
just like Dowd’s soul did as well. And
while I’m eager
to get at it and to do what
God wants done,
knowing all the benefit because it purges
the mortal remnant of Yisra’el
so they can witness the homecoming,
the family reunion,
and then enter the restoration of Gan
‘Eden, the Garden of ‘Eden,
as the entire Earth is transformed into
that condition.
And we have the opportunity to teach these
people how to engage with God,
how to be trustworthy around God,
how to listen and be observant and learn.
The fact of the matter is I’m also
a little anxious about it because, well,
you know,
it’s not going to be a pleasant
experience,
although the aftermath will be.
So this is what Dowd is speaking of
here.
It’s just another affirmation of what
we’re saying is true.
So You, Yahowah,
will commence the restoring witness.
‘Atah ‘ad matseh.
Meanwhile, in consideration for this,
in the duration of time,
the eternal testimony will show the
overlapping dates and extended period.
MizMowr 6:3.
Yes.
Well, Dowd did his part.
He lived a life exemplary of what God
wants from us.
He wasn’t perfect because perfect would be
boring.
He was interesting.
He didn’t know all things,
but he learned many things.
He came to understand.
He made mistakes.
He got up.
He dusted himself off and charged ahead
again, wiser for the experience,
more trustworthy for having acknowledged
that he had goofed and knew what needed
to be accomplished.
He could be relied upon to fulfill Pesach,
Matsah, and Bikuwrym.
He did so
two thousand years ago.
As such,
he is God’s implement through whom He is
going to work with us through eternity.
God delegates everything.
Everything He does is through those He has
chosen to work with.
It’s His ‘ebed.
Dowd is Yahowah’s ‘ebed, His coworker.
But while all of that is true,
and while it is profoundly important,
until I was introduced to it,
could prove it,
share that evidence with you,
no one knew it.
And if you don’t know it,
it doesn’t do any good.
The Chowter that is inspired to do these
things,
that is a stem whose roots
anchor him in a forthright position,
who is parah, productive, as the ‘etsah,
this counsel on the complete story
relative to da’ath, knowledge,
infused as he has been with the Spirit
of Yahowah, the Spirit of chakmah,
intelligence, the Spirit of biynah,
understanding,
all buttressed with the Spirit of geburah,
strength of conviction and confidence,
such as to rekindle a respect for Yahowah.
And he does so by coming to appreciate
this role between Father and Son.
And so without the commencement of the
restoring witness,
without the consideration of this
timeline,
me giving you the exact dates that Dowd
fulfilled Pesach, Matsah,
and Bikuwrym in 33 CE
and explaining how that was year four
thousand Yah
and precisely when in year six thousand
Yah
we’re going to witness the fulfillment of
Taruw’ah, Kipurym, and Sukah,
and what each of those dates represent and
how you can capitalize upon them and who
the players are that have been foretold
from the beginning that will make this
happen.
Without all of that coming forth from the
restoring witness,
no one benefits from it.
The harvests don’t occur.
The homecoming is canceled.
Earth is destroyed as opposed to being
returned to the conditions that were
experienced in ‘Eden. And so it is quite
clear—excuse me, our dogs are very
happy when they have this opportunity
to celebrate with whoever may be
visiting, so…
Dowd is a man who loves Yahowah and
cherishes His name.
And you can see he repeatedly uses it.
And that’s a clue.
This is the man that Yahowah chose.
He said this is the man that He
dearly loves.
He explained that Dowd had characteristics
and attributes that made him very special
in Yahowah’s eyes and different from the
reasons that men would choose other men.
God said that he is the Chosen One.
He is the One that God chose to
anoint as Mashyach, not once,
but three times.
He’s the only man that God said,
“He is My Son; I am His Father.”
And he is the man that God chose
to fulfill the most important dates in
human history—Pesach, Matsah,
and Bikuwrym.
And all of this is so that Father
and Son can return.
So we read here, Yahowah,
You and I both want You to return.
God can’t return until His people return
to Him.
God says this over and over again,
beginning in the Towrah,
running all the way through the prophets.
And Howsha’ is just emphatic.
He says that he is leaving Yisra’el.
It’s a divorce.
The divorce was for religious infidelity
and that He will not return until His
people return to Him,
which is the reason we’re doing these
programs,
trying to get your attention so that you
know what God is offering and what you
need to do to return to Him so
that He will return to you.
And so this is what Dowd wants.
He wants Yahowah to return.
When Yahowah returns, Dowd returns.
When Yahowah returns,
their relationship is reconciled.
When Dowd returns,
we get the second shot at ‘Eden.
And so the Dowd is the master of
the Imperative and the Cohortative.
You’ve heard me probably on these programs
talk about Hebrew grammar and my love for
it.
But there are aspects of Hebrew grammar
that are just different than anybody else
or any other language.
One of those things is the ability to
convey volition, choice, will,
desire in first and second person.
The Imperative is an expression of second
person volition.
The Cohortative conveys first person
volition.
So by writing a statement, speaking of
Dowd, speaking for Yahowah,
saying “You want to,” it’s Yahowah.
In the Imperfect, in the Imperative,
excuse me, it’s saying that, God,
this is what You want to do.
I know Your will,
and You’ve made this decision.
And in the Cohortative, it’s saying,
I agree.
It’s the same decision I’ve made.
We want the same thing.
And the Paragoga K say,
this is not only true, it’s emphatic.
And the Piel says, I understand, Yahowah,
that You’re going to enable this through
my soul,
that You as the subject are going to
cause this to happen based upon the object
of the verb,
which is chalats being the object being
nephesh.
God, it is my desire and Your decision.
We are of like mind regarding delivering
salvation with my soul.
I don’t know how I could make it
or God could make it any clearer for
you.
You have chosen to support my choice to
have You do what is required to rescue
and withdraw with me and through my
consciousness.
It is Dowd’s soul that will exist three,
well, it exists forever,
but Dowd’s soul was in a body that
was anointed as the Messiah,
three thousand years ago.
Dowd’s soul was put in a nepesh body,
probably as an adult.
My guess is that it could have been
a thirty- or forty-year-old body.
And the range of the same timeline we’re
talking about here,
probably three and a half years prior to
his fulfillment of Pesach,
Matsah, and Bikuwrym,
enough time that he could get under the
skin of the Romans.
So we find out, “Wait a minute,
who do you say you are?”
“I’m the King of Yisra’el.
You’re just occupying here Yehudah and
you’re claiming that it is yours?
No, no.
I’m the King of Yisra’el.
You’re in my city.
This is the City of Dowd.
And by the way,
I’m not only the King of the nation
of Yisra’el and of the province here of
Yehudah.
I am the returning King.
After you’ve been exterminated,
I will be King forevermore.
And oh, by the way,
I am the Mashyach and I am the
Son of the actual living God.”
Now,
if that’s not going to piss off the
Romans,
I don’t know what you would have to
say to get their attention.
And he can say, “You know,
you can do whatever you’re going to do.
But in the end,
I’m here to tell you:
You’re a beast and you will be expunged
from the Earth as well as that church
that grows out of you.”
And so here’s Dowd.
It’s his soul that was put in a
body in year four thousand Yah.
So sometime before 33 CE,
just as he had foretold as Gabry’el to
the prophet—not the prophet,
but through the book of Dany’el,
Dowd was the prophet. Dany’el was the scribe.
And exactly at the time that he said
in exactly the way Dowd actually described
his crucifixion by the Romans,
six hundred years before Rome existed,
seven hundred years before crucifixion
during the Roman style with nails versus
ropes was conceived.
He described in medical terms three
thousand years before we’d understand the
process of exactly how crucifixion kills.
And he wrote this
thousand years before he endured it.
It’s one of the great prophecies of all
time.
And then in 555 BCE,
he came in the form,
his soul came in the form of Gabry’el to tell us exactly the date that
he would perform this six hundred years in
advance of doing it.
We have all of the evidence.
It’s just amazing that nobody has been
able to figure it out prior to this
time.
But it is God’s desire and Dowd’s decision
to deliver salvation with Dowd’s soul.
It is how it’s delivered, this myth.
A “Jesus died for you” is for shit.
It is absolutely a complete and utter
fraud.
There was no Jesus.
He is a counterfeit created by Paul in
52 CE
by robbing Dowd of his title Mashyach,
robbing Dowd of his title Son of God,
robbing Dowd of his title Chosen One,
robbing Dowd of his title Savior,
robbing Dowd of his title King.
And robbing Dowd of his achievement
because it was Dowd that was crucified in
33 CE, fulfilling Pesach.
And it was Dowd’s soul that took our
guilt into She’owl on Matsah,
so that it was Dowd’s soul that was
released from She’owl to return to the
Father on Bikuwrym.
To believe anything else is to be
wallowing in a lie.
It’s Dowd.
And there’s probably nothing in all of
human history that is a greater crime than
Paul and the subsequent church stealing
all of this from the Messiah, from Dowd,
and then robbing God’s people of salvation
as a result of it.
And then stealing the inheritance of
Yisra’el and claiming it for their church.
It’s the greatest crime ever committed.
Billions of people have lost their souls
to this crime.
When it’s right here in bold that it
was Yahowah’s desire and decision,
as well as full agreement with Dowd,
that salvation would be delivered through
Dowd’s soul.
He goes on.
You wanted to deliver me, liberating,
rescuing, and saving through me.
You have decided to deliver and save
through me.
And yet, Yisra’el,
how do I get your attention?
Dowd is your Savior.
He’s your returning King.
He is the Mashyach that you long for.
You don’t have to worry about this myth
of Jesus.
He never existed.
You can divorce yourself from the rabbis
because they’re the ones who gave you this
plague of Christianity,
this plague of Islam,
this plague of Judaism.
Toss them away.
Distance yourself from them.
Return to Yahowah through Dowd.
He is your yasha’, your Savior.
And it’s Yahowah who worked with him to
provide this.
And for those who would say, “No,
Yahowah alone saves.”
That’s not what this says, is it?
You want to deliver me, liberating,
rescuing, and saving through me.
Because of the witness this provides.
Come on.
To what?
God’s enduring love?
What was Dowd named?
Beloved.
Your unfailing kindness.
Your tremendous generosity.
Your loyal devotion.
God is being shown modeling what He wants
from us in all of this process.
And it’s not just Yahowah’s love, kindness,
devotion, loyalty,
generosity for His people that this is
being done, but also for Dowd himself.
All of it coalesces.
And Yahowah is shown as Dowd knows Him—
kind, loving, generous, loyal.
And that is what God is offering.
And that is what Dowd’s fulfillment of
Pesach, Matsah, and Bikuwrym affirm.
So we are right in the midst of
the heart of the matter.
This is the central core
among the eight octaves.
Yahowah wants to save us,
to take us away from all forms of
human oppression and subjugation,
because He loves us.
And the method Father and Son have jointly
agreed to pursue to accomplish this great
act of compassion is by deploying Dowd’s
nephesh soul,
doing so throughout the Spring Miqra’ey,
Pesach, Matsah, and Bikuwrym,
such that Dowd can return after the
fulfillment of Shabuw’ah and Taruw’ah on
Kipurym,
and then he can serve as King forevermore during Sukah.
Now,
as a result of the impending agony
associated with fulfilling Chag Matsah,
Dowd is apprehensive and committed.
He simply wants to get past Matsah so
that he can bask in Yahowah’s love
throughout the rest of the Mow’edim and
forevermore.
Dowd’s soul is the chosen implement of
God’s compassion,
the means that He will use to save
us from ourselves.
This is Yahowah’s restoring witness.
It is the path that Father and Son
have paved for us to come home.
And it’s only after the first three Mow’ed,
Mow’edim—it’s either single Mow’ed,
if you look at it as the Mow’ed
of Matsah,
which includes the Mow’edim of Pesach,
Matsah, and Bikuwrym,
that the eternal and restoring witness to
the appointed meetings is successfully
delivered and fulfilled,
giving rise to the benefits of the
Covenant.
Such that we can commence the heralding of
the Shabuw’ah and Taruw’ah harvest.
Also Yahowah’s return with Dowd on
Kipurym.
Such that Yisra’el is ready to be purged
and reenter ‘Eden.
To benefit from the sacrifice of the red
heifer of the ‘adamah Parah.
So all things in their due time.
With each Miqra’.
Fulfilled by Dowd’s nepesh,
we witness Yahowah’s enduring love for His
Son and indeed for His people.
It is the ultimate act of collaboration.
Well,
this next stanza of Dowd’s lament is
heartbreaking and yet undeniably true.
Whether one sees Judaism or Christianity
as the plague of death or both,
even Islam or all three,
in each there is ‘ayn zakar.
There is no mention or remembrance of
Yahowah.
None.
There is no Yahowah in Judaism.
There is no Yahowah in Christianity.
There is no Yahowah in Islam.
And therefore they are all godless.
The very religions which claim that
these MizMowrym were inspired by their God,
have no concept whatsoever of who God is,
what He said,
where or why He disclosed these
revelations,
not even what He’s offering or expects in
return, nor even His name,
nor the name of His Son, our Messiah.
It reads, “For indeed, because by contrast,
there is no remembrance or mention of You
in the plague of death,
in the pandemic disease that causes entire
populations to die.
In She’owl, or with Sha’uwl,
in the place of questioning,
the grave where the dead reside,
which is She’owl,
but the exact same Hebrew letters,
written exactly the same way,
also convey Sha’uwl,
who is the failed king that tried to
kill Dowd,
and also the false prophet that created
Christianity by claiming that Dowd was
dead and buried.
In She’owl and with Sha’uwl, who?
will come to know You,
expressing their appreciation for You.
We’ll recognize and acknowledge You,
choosing to thank You,
continuously making public pronouncements
and declarations regarding their
familiarity with Your eternal attributes.
It is from yad, hand, or yada’,
to know, or perhaps both,
to recognize, to acknowledge.
Piel and Perfect.
Yowseph.
Just more lyrics to sing.
MizMowr 6:5.
Well,
this is the greatest irony of our time,
perhaps of all human history.
With almost every country, culture,
civilization, founded, influenced,
and are controlled by religion,
all of which claim to speak for God.
There isn’t one that actually knows Him or
that leads souls towards Him.
Not one.
Not a single religion.
Not a single nation.
Not during any time.
The litmus test for the credibility of
Judaism, Christianity, Islam,
perhaps even Mormonism if you want to
throw it in,
is ignorance of Yahowah’s name,
the cause of which was removing it from
His words and replacing it with the Lord,
seven thousand times.
Had that not been done by religious
leaders,
no one would have believed that the Lord
Jesus Christ or Allah
or Hashem was a God.
Through this lone diabolical act,
these religions became the plague of
death.
Ah,
and it’s Yahowah who specifically
designates Sha’uwl by name as the plague of
death.
Now, because of Sha’uwl, now known as Paul,
the New Testament’s initial writer,
the man who wrote the first fourteen books
that became the New Testament and then had
his pals, his posse, his propagandists,
write the next three—Mark, Luke,
and Acts.
Christianity was formed based upon Paul’s
poison pen.
Because of Paul.
Yahowah became irrelevant.
His Towrah teaching was abolished.
Jews were antagonized.
She’owl gained countless new inhabitants.
One misguided soul can make an enormous
impact on the world towards life.
Whether it’s for bad,
like the case of Paul as the plague
of death,
or Dowd as the ‘Ets Chayim.
Through Dowd,
we come to appreciate Yahowah and are
saved.
And as a result of Paul,
Yah has been completely disregarded and
the faithful die.
The most deadly religion in human history,
from a soul point of view,
is Christianity.
The most deadly related to bodies is
Islam, both rabbinical in nature.
It’s sad.
As it relates to Sha’uwl and the plague
of death,
if you look at the book of Chabaquwq,
and I write of this many times,
particularly in the Twistianity series,
even in volume one.
And then later,
when Paul robs a passage from Chabaquwq,
Chabaquwq is how it’s been transliterated.
Paul quotes from Chabaquwq more than any other prophet.
And yet it is through Chabaquwq that Yahowah
says specifically that Sha’uwl,
naming him by name,
is the plague of death.
He condemns him every which way.
Talks about when he would arise,
that he would appeal to Gentiles,
that he would be fixated on the male
genitalia, circumcision,
that he would claim that God died.
He denounces him as creating a caricature,
which is what the Jesus myth is all
about.
And you cannot denounce anyone more than
God denounced Paul,
calling him the plague of death.
Doing so, catch this,
six hundred and sixty-six years to before
52 CE,
when Paul would write his first letter to
the Galatians.
Yes,
Chabaquwq was inspired six hundred and sixty
six years prior to Paul fulfilling it as
Sha’uwl by writing Galatians.
So there is one of two fates that
are awaiting the religious,
those who fathered and promoted a
religious mantra like Judaism,
Christianity, Islam,
controlling people through these
farses—or they’re going to all spend an
eternity in She’owl.
To have conceived them,
to have promoted them,
is to spend eternity in hell,
along with Sha’uwl, Paul.
Those who are played for fools will simply
die.
Their crime was by omission,
not commission.
Their souls will cease to exist.
For them, their life will be for naught.
There will be no punishment.
There will be no reward.
We’ll conclude this program on this next
line from our prophet and king.
It reads, “I have done my part.
I have extended and expended the time and
energy.
I have been productive to the point of
becoming weary for the moment,
having labored extensively,
striving to fulfill my job to the extent
of my capability,
to the point of exhaustion
over enduring physical and then emotional
pain.
Within the all-encompassing darkness,
I swim with my bed of twisted injustice,
with my weeping and with my tears.
My place of repose is a plosive testing
of trial focused on achieving the proper
response
MizMowr, lyrics to sing, Psalm 6:6.
Most anguishing story ever written.
Dowd foresaw it.
He was a prophet.
He was taken forward in time.
He saw exactly what was going to happen.
And for most people,
knowing that you’re going to endure Roman
flagellum that are going to rip the skin
off your back,
you’re going to be in your city,
adjacent to your Temple Mount,
the one that you acquired,
the nation that you defended that is being
occupied by a satanic beast and that
you’re going to allow them to whip you
to the point of near death and then
nail you to an upright stake to crucify
you to fulfill Pesach with your body
serving in this role and then you have
know that you have volunteered to take
your people’s guilt,
every Covenant member into She’owl to
deposit it there never to be seen again
so that they would appear perfect and that
they could be enveloped in Your love and
compassion as Your children—and he did
this for his Father, he did this for
himself, and while that was enormously
painful and we’ve read about that pain, it
wasn’t the greatest suffering. It’s that
after doing so his own people
renounced him.
Paul
created a counterfeit
to replace him.
The rabbis created theirs too—
Merkabah—
by denouncing
Dowd as the Son of God,
as the Mashyach,
as the returning King,
and as our Savior.
After Dowd did his part,
he expended the time and energy to the
point of utter exhaustion,
enduring the physical torment,
this both physical and emotional pain.
And having his soul go into the place
of utter darkness, of She’owl,
such that he would then emerge only to
find his people putting him in a bed
of twisted injustice.
It was bitter.
Bitter.
A time of weeping and tears for two
thousand years where Dowd’s great
accomplishment was torn asunder and denied
by his people and by Gentiles,
creating the two most popular religions
and the most stifling religion for Jews
out of denying what he had achieved at
such great cost.
Time of testing souls, a trial.
And now we are up against it where
you will need to accept the proper
response to all of this.
You’ll need to focus on exactly what Dowd
did and what Yahowah offered through him as
your only means to survive the trial that
awaits—the Time of Yisra’el’s Troubles.
This is where we are.
This is why we’re delivering this powerful
message about the eighth octave in the
sixth MizMowr
written by the very Son of God and
our Savior, Dowd, on behalf of his Father,
Yahowah.
I thank you for listening.
NOTE: Cleaned and proofread on 2025-12-10
=== CLEANED FILE: A Voice Episode Forty_Two 08 December 2025 ===